What a demonic wolf cub
It was because you were my son
I want to let you go
If you have to court death, you will fulfill your brother who goes abroad
My family is unfortunate
What's going on?
Now I can only commit suicide
The old man was fine on the day of the incident
I think the tea sent by Shun Lao is good.
But it was soaked by the old man
The old man is very happy
Drank most of the glass
But it didn't take long
The old man began to produce black blood from his mouth and nose
I called the doctor and said it was poisoned
There's nothing left to do.
The old man's diet that day
The ovaries are no different
The only difference is the cup of tea he drinks
I'll take it for testing.
The tea had been infused with the potent pesticide paraquat.
Just one leaf can kill a person
This is the test report.
That's not possible.
There is absolutely no problem with this tea.
Everyone knows this old Sun
Wei Guo is the grandfather of my eldest son Chen Xiaodao
He sent poisonous tea
This is to help Chen Xiaodao compete for the position of family member